}
{"selector":}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)"}}
{"selector":{"type":"CssSelector","value":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)"}}